well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about
president trump
and the meetings that reportedly took
place over the weekend
the content of those meetings and what
those
in his orbit may now be obligated to do
we start off by saying we're going to
operate under the assumption
that what is being reported
actually happened those meetings did in
fact take place
and the content of those meetings is
what's being
reported at that point
there's really only two things going on
okay
either the president is in control or he
is not
it's that simple some are suggesting
that he is no longer in control
that he has suffered a break that
uh biden defeating him
was so crushing that the walls are
closing in
and he is now impaired now i would like
to point out that i've talked
to psychologists about this
topic in a way the one thing that
all of them said is that they would
never attempt to diagnose somebody based
on headlines
so that's something to keep in mind as
there are a bunch of
claims and headlines that he has just
lost it
those who i know who are in that field
say they would
never attempt to make a diagnosis like
that
without actually talking to the person
be that as it may those in his orbit
they know they know
and that's really what all of this
hinges on
if he has lost it there's
one set of options if he hasn't there's
another
if he hasn't understand that them going
to
the press and feeding them tidbits
that's not enough
that is not enough they're obligated to
do more than that
the topics being discussed are far
too extreme to just be left with
a leak that's that's not enough
if those conversations occurred
those in his orbit are now obligated
to come out and actively openly and
publicly
explain and debunk the president's
wilder claims
not even his claims because he's not
really making most of them
he's just leaning into them giving them
error
they have to come out and uh explain to
the american people what's going on
and whether or not those claims are
accurate
and more importantly whether or not the
president
believes they're accurate
because he has a long history of saying
things that we know he doesn't actually
believe
it can't just be a warning through the
press like that
that's not enough
if he has suffered some form of break
it it may be time to
take a long hard look at the 25th
amendment
if his judgment is impaired to the point
where he would entertain
some of the ideas that are being
reported
his judgment is not up to the task
of being the president of the united
states
that lack of judgment is not going to be
limited to his efforts to overturn the
election
it will extend into other things
and we kind of have some other stuff
going on right now
that requires his attention
so it may be time
to look at that provision in the
constitution
i know that there is some idea
that there are those in his orbit who
are staying there
to try to be the adult in the room by
what is being reported
rudy giuliani was a voice of reason
during these conversations
that should kind of indicate how far
it's gone
with these topics there is no harm
reduction
there is no being the adult in the room
if they stay on and do not
come out and publicly debunk these
claims
it doesn't read to me that they're
attempting to
[Music]
guide the president that they are
attempting to keep it from going off the
rails
it reads more like them sending up a
balloon to see which way the wind's
blowing
and make no mistake about it that is how
history will record it
if they want to salvage any
any shred of public image
they have to come forward that they
don't have a choice
we're at that point what's the worst
that's going to happen he's going to
fire them they're out of a job in a
month anyway
now to set people's minds at ease
realistically the wildest claim that got
floated that's not really a thing
the most likely outcome if that was
ordered
would be for the brass to drag their
feet
until the court stepped in that's the
most likely outcome they could just tell
them no
i mean that's also a possibility
but i think the most likely outcome
would be for them to say okay
we'll do it and do it real slow
and wait for the judges to step in
because even
given even if you were to give the
administration
the widest definitions possible
it doesn't warrant it um
i wouldn't worry too much about that
that doesn't seem
likely but
the idea that it is being floated in the
oval office
that's something that the american
people need to understand
we need to know where trump is at and
the only people that can actually tell
us
that are those in his orbit those who
went to the press
to try to figure out how the american
people felt about that
or actually intended on issuing a
warning
either way
that's not enough
we need a lot of disclosure here
we need a lot of information
and for those in the gop
understand that if a situation arises in
a country
where the head of state begins doing
what was reportedly suggested
it's never limited to the opposing
political party
out of self-interest
it's probably time to begin
telling the american people the truth i
know that's really hard to do up there
on capitol hill and all
but your supporters
they listen to you they may not like
what you have to say
when you say this but your voice is
becoming very important
silence here is complicity
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day